1.
Question 1
When using Event Viewer on a Windows system, what is the best way to quickly access specific types of logs?

1 / 1 point

Export logs


Create a custom view


Click on System Reports


Run the head command

Correct
Nailed it! The Create Custom View action is used to filter through logs based on certain criteria.

2.
Question 2
An employee runs an application on a shared office computer, and it crashes. This does not happen to other users on the same computer. After reviewing the application logs, you find that the employee didn’t have access to the application. What log error helped you reach this conclusion?

1 / 1 point

“No such file or directory”


“Connection refused”


“Permission denied”


“Application terminated”

Correct
Keep it up! In this case, the "Permission denied" error means that the user didn’t have access to the application executable in order to run it.

3.
Question 3
What tool can we use to check the health of our RAM?

0 / 1 point

Event Viewer


S.M.A.R.T. tools


memtest86


Process Monitor

Incorrect
Not quite. Process Monitor can be used to monitor RAM usage in Windows, but not to stress test the RAM.

4.
Question 4
You've just finished helping a user work around an issue in an application. What important but easy-to-forget step should we remember to do next?

1 / 1 point

Fix the code


Report the bug to the developers 


Reinstall the program


Change the user’s password

Correct
Right on! If there is a repeatable error present in a program, it is proper etiquette to report the bug in detail to the developer.

5.
Question 5
A user is experiencing strange behavior from their computer. It is running slow and lagging, and having momentary freeze-ups that it does not usually have. The problem seems to be system-wide and not restricted to a particular application. What is the first thing to ask the user as to whether they have tried it?

1 / 1 point

Adding more RAM


Reinstalling Windows


Identified the bottleneck with a resource monitor


Upgrade their HDD to an SSD

Correct
Woohoo! The first step is identifying the root cause of the problem. Resource monitors such as Activity Monitor (MacOS), top (Linux and MacOS) or Resource Monitor (Windows) can help us identify whether our bottleneck is CPU-based or memory-based.

