1.
Question 1
Which of the following will let code run until a certain line of code is executed?

1 / 1 point

Breakpoints


Watchpoints


Backtrace


Pointers

Correct
Way to go! Breakpoints let code run until a certain line of code is executed.

2.
Question 2
Which of the following is NOT likely to cause a segmentation fault?

1 / 1 point

Wild pointers


Reading past the end of an array


Stack overflow


RAM replacement

Correct
Right on! Segmentation fault is not commonly caused by a new RAM card in the system.

3.
Question 3
A common error worth keeping in mind happens often when iterating through arrays or other collections, and is often fixed by changing the less than or equal sign in our for loop to be a strictly less than sign. What is this common error known as?

0 / 1 point

Segmentation fault


backtrace


The No such file or directory error


Off-by-one error

Incorrect
Not quite. Segfaults are caused by a program which attempts to read or write an invalid location of memory. Nobody wants to end up in the middle of invalid memory!

4.
Question 4
A very common method of debugging is to add print statements to our code that display information, such as contents of variables, custom error statements, or return values of functions. What is this type of debugging called?

1 / 1 point

Backtracking


Log review


Printf debugging


Assertion debugging

Correct
Excellent! Printf debugging originated in name with using the printf() command in C++ to display debug information, and the name stuck. This type of debugging is useful in all languages.

5.
Question 5
When a process crashes, the operating system may generate a file containing information about the state of the process in memory to help the developer debug the program later. What are these files called?

1 / 1 point

Log files


Core files


Metadata file


Cache file

Correct
Right on! Core files (or core dump files) record an image and status of a running process, and can be used to determine the cause of a crash.

