1.
Question 1
What type of object does a run function return?

1 / 1 point

returncode


CompletedProcess


capture_output


stdout

Correct
Awesome! This object includes information related to the execution of a command.

2.
Question 2
How can you change the current working directory where a command will be executed?

1 / 1 point

Use the env parameter. 


Use the shell parameter.


Use the capture_output parameter.


Use the cwd parameter.

Correct
Right on! This will change the current working directory where the command will be executed.

3.
Question 3
When a child process is run using the subprocess module, which of the following are true? (check all that apply)

0 / 1 point

The child process is run in a secondary environment.


The parent process is blocked while the child process finishes.

Correct
Excellent! While the parent process is waiting on the subprocess to finish, it’s blocked, meaning the parent can’t do any work until the child finishes.


The parent process and child process both run simultaneously. 

This should not be selected
Not quite. The parent process is blocked until the child process finishes.


Control is returned to the parent process when the child process ends. 

4.
Question 4
When using the run command of the subprocess module, what parameter, when set to True, allows us to store the output of a system command?

1 / 1 point

cwd


capture_output


timeout


shell

Correct
Excellent! The capture_output parameter allows us to get and store the output of the system command we're using.

5.
Question 5
What does the copy method of os.environ do?

1 / 1 point

Creates a new dictionary of environment variables


Runs a second instance of an environment


Joins two strings


Removes a file from a directory

Correct
Nice work! The copy method of os.environ makes a new copy of the dictionary containing the environment variables, making modification easier.

